hello to all bq smartphones
they release 4g and they do it in a big way what
make with this new aquarium the 54 g a
device whose only novelty is not the
4g but also has a new
screen technology a sensor
improved and they have also implemented by
first time on these devices
Qualcomm processor you want to know more
Come on, let's go with them
ah
we start with the 5-inch screen
that has full gps technology the
mission this is good because this is
that the space between
the screen and the crystal to offer
a better user experience too
implements quantum color plus technology
to get a range spectrum of
wider and more reliable colors in
practical terms what we have is a
hd screen that offers very good
results both in terms of
viewed as answers
your camera has a 13 sensor
megapixels are ibex and exmor rs have
an opening of f1 with 8 this what
means is that he is able to do
good photos even in conditions of
Low light improves in image quality and
in the answer offering recording of
video in full hd format and as already
we are used to have a
lots of options that we can modify
in the menu like for example the
exposition of smooth et cetera etcetera
another of the differentiating points is
that for the first time a
qualcomm processor in this case the
qualcomm snapdragon 410 quad core at 53 a
1.2 gigahertz this new processor
offers more stability in
communications and better performance not
only of the processor but also of the
2,850 milliamp battery this what
what it will do is that with a fair use
intensive battery hurts us one day
complete without problems we will not have
to worry about and if our use is a
little less intensive can reach us
to last up to two days and eye
they say that in a very short time it arrives
the olive tree right now android 4 points
the 54 g aquarium continues to maintain
dual sim dual sim that by the way I know
that you know they have all the
bq smartphones but this time has
an extra and that is that it has
4g connectivity and in fact 4g in both
slots but eye can not be used the
4g with the two slots so
simultaneous this connectivity will make
we can move at full speed
the internet paths these four
points are complemented with 16 gigas of
expandable storage through
microsd card
whose tray is up here and as
You see there is a difference with respect to
the previous 5 and is that the previous and
5 we lift a cap and do not put in the
slot this one directly has the
tray like micro sim cards
also has a ram memory of 1
gig and of course with all the
connectivity and with all the sensors to
lucila have us accustomed
smartphones and the first steps
a lot of information from this
device and of all the rest
bbq you can find them on the web my bq
and me and this is the contents of the box
of the aquarium is 54 g a smartphone with
an excellent relationship
quality-price see you in the next
video
fucks planners
Well, do not look at me like that, what's wrong?
you have seen the muncipales of the
church
and you are already observing